Continuing from [[November 3rd]].
I haven't had as much time to work on this project as I'd like to this November which is unfortunate. I get sad when I open it because I know that responsibility demands that I sacrifice time from this project for school, work, tutoring, leisure time, and all that stuff. Besides, my weeks have been demanding as of  late. There'll be a time to work more on this project but it's not now.
I also feel a little weird about being so insistent on doing a solo project to start. I do want to  work with others, but it wouldn't be fair to them or me to attempt something on my current, more filled schedule. I'm ultimately due for a good reevaluation of my schedule as I approach the end of my semester. It's not that far away either!
Also, healthwise has been a little strange for me as of late. Some physical stuff has come up, but mental stuff is more relevant to this project. I just feel like I haven't been able to sit down and get a LOT of good stuff done on this project in a while. Nothing in my life right now is particularly challenging, it's all just a bunch of small targets to break. The thing is that there's a lot of them, and sometimes it can be so difficult to get in the aggressive, proactive headspace I need to to get them all done with time to spare. But, I should just respect that with my current schedule, school is my priority, followed by work. Getting work done on this project CANNOT be in my crosshairs, so picking away at the small issues and less-involved tasks makes sense..

In any case, I made a constant variable for terminal velocity in the PlayerController class. This is handy so that when you chain Spirit Forms (which may or may not eventually be a thing), your velocity doesn't increase DRAMATICALLY as you exit the form. I fixed this bug initially by resetting the Player's velocity upon exiting Spirit Form, but I thought it better to implement a constant to describe a Terminal Velocity. This is JUST FOR REFERENCE and CLAMPING at the moment but I eventually may need to make it variable. Should the need arise, here's what  I've got. 